(All the characters, organizations, places, and happenings...)
(in this drama are all fake and are not based on a true story.)
I'll give you everything,
so just end it now.
Just end it. Once and for all.
That's exactly what I'm hoping to do.
I'm doing this so that I can put things to an end.
How can you even call yourself a human being?
Since when did you know that...
Kim Jong Sam's your son?
Chul Gi.
What do you mean?
I'm whose son?
What kind of nonsense is that?
This is crazy.
Jong Sam! Jong...
I was really busy with work.
And Detective Kang suddenly came to see me.
I figured I should offer him a cup of tea.
So after I poured in hot water,
I turned around, but he was gone.
And the evidence was gone too.
- My gosh. - Did you meet Chul Gi...
Why do you have this?
Where did you get this?
Hey.
No one directly touched this evidence, right? My gosh.
- I'm sorry. - That's not going to cut it.
I don't know what happened, but you broke the rules.
Nothing happened to this, right? Is everything fine?
It's perfectly fine.
I'm sorry. I have nothing to say.
I'm busy, so I'm going to go now.
Get all the details of the case,
and report them to me.
Yes, sir. Take care, sir.
What are you doing?
And you. What are you two doing?
Kang Chul Gi.
It wasn't easy to get that proof.
Why did you take that?
Why? Tell me.
Lieutenant Jin.
Tell me!
Lieutenant Jin. Calm down. Let's hear him out.
What happened?
It's because of me.
It's all because of me.
So drop it.
I'm sorry.
Why did you do something you'd be sorry for?
What was the reason? What did you do with it?
I met Lee Kwang Ho.
Lee Kwang Ho? Why?
I got his phone call.
Be careful.
Hello.
Bring Kim Jong Sam to me.
Who?
Kim Jong Sam.
If you two keep digging information on me and Jong Sam's mom,
he'll find out eventually.
Why don't I just tell him first?
You...
What are you talking about?
That I'm Jong Sam's dad.
Why?
Do you think he'll get hurt if he finds out?
Then bring the Odong Blowfish House evidence.
If you won't, I'll meet with Jong Sam.
He'll be miserable if he knows the truth.
I won't be the miserable one.
I could only think of one thing.
"Jong Sam can't know about it."
"He'll be crushed if he finds out that his father..."
"killed his mother, and tried to kill him too."
Is Jong Sam really his son?
It must be true.
So you went to Lee Kwang Ho with the evidence?
I went there thinking that...
I should stop him.
Jong Sam was already there.
So he was there to get Lee Kwang Ho's DNA.
I went there to stop Lee Kwang Ho,
but I ended up telling...
Let me ask Inspector Cho a favor.
Jong Sam's DNA must be on the evidence.
If Lee Kwang Ho is the real killer,
his DNA would be on the evidence.
If we look at the results we'll know if Jong Sam is...
Lee Kwang Ho's real son.
The Odong Blowfish House evidence is 10 years old.
Plus it could've been contaminated as it was passed on from...
Jang Pil Sung to the Hidden Crime Team.
You're saying if we make those claims, it won't be a problem?
We can argue...
that it isn't direct evidence to prove that Ms. Hong was killed,
I mean, that it resulted in Ms. Hong's death.
So you're saying we should argue...
that it's not admissible as evidence.
Is there anything I should know about...
that makes you related to Ms. Hong's murder case?
Are you asking me if I killed her?
No, sir.
I'm asking just in case I need to come up with a strategy.
There's nothing like that. You may leave.
Yes, sir.
I don't think...
a murderer like you should become a president.
There is no proof,
but you killed...
Choi Yeon Mi.
Yeon Mi and I are from the same orphanage.
We were...
friends.
Yeon Mi told me about you a long time ago.
I recorded that.
To get child support from you.
But Yeon Mi was too nice. She asked me not to do that.
So I left it at that.
But just now,
I gave the recording to Chairman Jin.
If it gets released,
I will give an interview...
with her son.
Where is he?
I won't tell you.
Because I'm the only one...
in the world who knows that secret.
Park Eun Sung.
(Donations)
Eunsung Church?
I transferred money to Park Eun Sung every month.
Yes, Eunsung Church.
I think I heard Eunsung Church.
So this place is Eunsung Church?
We'll have a definite answer if we ask Mr. Choi.
I'll check with my information team too.
Are you using that excuse to leave right now?
What do you mean excuse? You don't have an arrest warrant.
I've done my work, so I'm leaving.
Okay, I'll let you go for now.
But...
She's so rude.
This is Kim Yoon Su.
Of course.
Yes. Please take care of that. Thank you.
You're back.
Did you find them?
There is no trace of Manager Kwak and Manager Ki.
Maybe...
they ran away knowing that we were coming.
They abducted Jang Pil Sung and locked him in a trunk.
So they can't get caught.
Prosecutor Kim got information from Chairwoman Gook...
and requested for our assistance. They must've known.
Where Jang Pil Sung?
He's in the lockup, and he's pleading the fifth.
Still, we secured evidence.
Officer Oh did.
- Nice. - Nice.
Stop it.
I'll be leaving first.
Okay.
You've done well.
Get home safe.
Let's go.
Turn off the light. It hurts my head.
Jong Sam.
Cut to the point.
What you heard is all I know.
I heard that from Lee Kwnag Ho right before you did.
As soon as I found out, I didn't want you to know.
I wanted to bury it once and for all.
So I went there to hand over the evidence.
But you were there.
So...
it's true.
Probably.
Did Ms. Hong know...
who I was?
She probably heard it from my mom.
Because they were close friends.
You can leave. I want to sleep.
I'll turn on the heat for you.
Chul Gi, just leave.
I'm tired.
Okay.
(The Mill)
Hey.
My gosh, what's going on?
You guys can go.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
I'm here to warn you.
I don't care who I am or who you are.
Choi Yeon Mi, Hong Mi Ok,
Jin Jung Gil, Oh Il Seung,
and Geum Byul.
Nothing changes the fact that you murdered them.
I'm going to...
bring you down.
If I can't do that by law, I'll use the press.
If that doesn't work, I'm just going to kill you myself.
So from now on, I hope you live every day...
in fear and anxiety, not knowing...
when you'll die.
I hope you live in fear,
not knowing how painful it's going to be.
I hope you look forward to what you'll see...
at the exact moment...
of your death.
Do you even have the power to do that?
I'm sure I have more power than an old man like you.
Because...
you have so much to lose.
[VIU Ver] E35 Doubtful Victory "Is It True?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
How's Officer Oh doing? Does he look okay?
I think he's doing his best to stay sane.
I should care for him a little more.
Yes, please do that for me.
Call me if you need my help.
I actually do need your help with something.
Can you pick Kang up after school?
And feed him too.
I'll do it next time.
Please make time and do it today.
The woman who's supposed to take care of him took the day off,
but I'm too busy today. So please do me a favor.
Let me do it next time. I'm too caught up with Jong Sam's issue.
I know you feel complicated right now.
But you should take some rest.
His school ends at 3pm. You know where his school is, right?
See you.
What's going on?
Yesterday, you just left, didn't answer your phone, and weren't home.
- What are you playing at? - What do you mean?
Just let it go.
Let go of what?
I'm worried because you're acting unusual.
Why would you worry?
Don't waste your time worrying about me.
How can you say that to your partner?
I came to work on time, and I'm going to start working now.
So what's the problem?
Hey, Officer Oh.
Aren't you going inside?
- I just came out of the office. - I see.
Where are you going?
It belongs to Lee Kwang Ho.
Did you steal it?
I'm sorry. You told me not to do anything behind your back.
But I was in a hurry.
So you did do something behind my back.
But stealing stuff like this should be done behind my back.
What else could you have done?
Unofficially speaking, I'm glad you did it.
But as your senior, I'm going to scold you for this. Okay?
Okay.
I'm relieved that the mountain's still here.
Is that where Eunsung Church was located?
Yes.
Do you think he'll do his job properly?
Mr. Cha.
Do you remember this place?
You buried Young Min over there.
You told me to do it, Ms. Lee.
That's right.
We need to find him.
Can you remember where you buried him?
Ms. Lee.
Are you going somewhere?
I need to go to Young Min's grave.
Are you really going to follow him?
You can leave if you want.
Do you think he'll really remember?
You know better than I do that...
people always remember exactly where they buried a corpse.
Most criminals tend to remember.
But he's not in his right mind right now.
Please make up your mind.
Either help me find him or go back down and complain.
Chairwoman Gook.
Chairwoman Gook and Prosecutor Kim took Mr. Cha and went to...
a place where Eunsung Church was previously located.
I was wondering if you knew anything about it.
Prosecutor Kim apparently went through...
your wife's transaction records from 20 to 30 years ago.
Regardless of what happened then, it's too late to charge me with it.
Yes, you're right.
How's Jang Pil Sung doing?
He's still keeping his mouth shut.
What good is that going to do?
He was brazen enough to try to betray me right in front of my eyes.
Where are his wife and kids?
They're in Australia.
Cut off all kinds of financial support.
He needs to know that he wasn't the only one who was receiving help.
Yes, sir.
And release an article about him to the press at the right time.
Things are still quiet...
because the police and prosecution are turning a blind eye on him.
But I want you to strip him naked...
and throw him into the cold.
Yes, sir.
What about General Manager Kwak and Assistant Manager Ki?
General Manager Kwak.
What?
It's so cold.
I think I'm going to die.
It's not that bad.
Hey, try to think of a way out of here.
Try moving a little.
I can't.
What will happen to us? Why is it so quiet?
Can we get out of here alive?
Of course. Looking at the situation,
I can tell what's happening.
They tied us down in order to tie Chairwoman Gook down.
She is the target, not us.
Then is this a good thing?
Why is it so hard to cut this off?
That's why we've been using it to tie people.
- Just give up. - You're right.
By the way, do you think Chairwoman Gook knows?
She must be looking for us, right?
All right. We'll start from here and make our way up.
Keep it tight. Do you understand?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
(Forensics)
Prosecutor Kim.
What are you doing?
He's been left here alone for too long.
This young child was alone.
He must've been so cold in here.
He must've been so scared.
All this time,
nobody cried with him.
He must've been...
He must've been so lonely.
He was only a child. He was only...
a child.
Young Min.
- Is the result out? - Yes, it is.
The clipped nails from Odong Blowfish House...
belongs to Ms. Hong.
Officer Oh's DNA...
was removed.
And the extra DNA...
found on it was confirmed as Lee Kwang Ho's.
That's it.
- We got him. - It's done.
By the way, how did you get Lee Kwang Ho's DNA?
We stole it.
Officer Oh stole his hair.
Hey, good job. Good work.
Hey, he stole. You can't tell him he did a good job.
Shouldn't we officially request Lee Kwang Ho's DNA?
His hair was stolen illegally,
so it won't be admissible.
You're right. So we requested a written consent.
Here's the consent form.
Of course, we refuse.
You could've just ignored it.
Why did you bring it all the way here?
It's not legally enforceable.
It's just a request for cooperation.
I think you're too naive.
Why did you throw that?
I came here to inform you of some matters.
What kind of matters would that be?
How did you secure the evidence?
On what grounds are you saying it came from Odong Blowfish House?
And at the scene of the crime...
It was all written in Mr. Cha's notepad.
How will you prove that what's written on it is true?
Plus Mr. Cha isn't trustworthy to be a witness...
You can say that in court.
Do you know how much government fund is wasted on...
You can speak nonsense quite eloquently.
What?
Get out.
Nobody here will be humored by your rubbish.
You better not cross the line.
Right back at you, jerk.
Officer Oh, don't cross the line.
Okay.
Look at him.
You're the man, Officer Oh. Good job.
Why do you look so down? Did someone hit you?
An Tae Jung, that jerk, came by...
and got on my nerves.
Here's Jang Pil Sung's weakness.
Use this and make him to confess he killed Chairman Jin...
on Lee Kwang Ho's orders, and record that.
Jang Pil Sung's testimony will have some weight.
It's from a private detective agency.
It lists every corruption committed by him and his family.
Discuss it with Inspector Park.
Thanks.
By the way,
we got Lee Kwang Ho's DNA,
and mine too.
Jong Sam.
It's true then.
I heard the result too.
Only Su Chil and Inspector Cho know.
They'll keep it a secret.
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
You are the crazy one.
Do you think I was being loyal to you?
No, it was because of my son.
My son whom I abandoned.
The boy you adopted was my son. I made my son...
the son of a congressman, the president.
I trusted you.
I thought you'd make him a president too.
But he wasn't my son.
For my nonexistent son,
I put blood on my hands...
to cover up your dirty past.
But you killed my son.
You kept it a secret...
for 25 years.
How dare you...
Gook Su Ran, are you mad?
For 25 years! You switched the kids.
Was it fun for you?
Did you think the world was your playground?
What are you doing? Take her out!
Let's go.
No.
If I get arrested, you could get killed too.
So let's die together.
Is your life worth as much as mine?
If you want to kill me,
you'd have to offer at least three more lives.
We have General Manager Kwak and Assistant Manager Ki.
Young Min as well.
If you drag Manager Lee into this,
you won't be the only one dying.
(Episode 36 will air shortly.)